README.md, before:

# Ansible Collection: community.vmware_rest

This repo hosts the `community.vmware_rest` Ansible Collection.

The collection includes the VMware modules and plugins supported by Ansible VMware community to help the management of VMware infrastructure. These modules are different from `community.vmware` since they are based upon VMware vSphere REST API interface and not relying on any third party libraries such as [`Pyvmomi`](https://github.com/vmware/pyvmomi) and [`vSphere Automation SDK for Python`](https://github.com/vmware/vsphere-automation-sdk-python).

<!--start requires_ansible-->
## Ansible version compatibility

This collection has been tested against following Ansible versions: **>=2.9.10**.

Plugins and modules within a collection may be tested with only specific Ansible versions.
A collection may contain metadata that identifies these versions.
PEP440 is the schema used to describe the versions of Ansible.
<!--end requires_ansible-->

## Content

<!--start collection content-->
### Httpapi plugins
Name | Description
--- | ---

### Modules
Name | Description
--- | ---
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_cluster_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_cluster_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_cluster
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datacenter](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datacenter_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_datacenter
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datacenter_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datacenter_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_datacenter
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datastore_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datastore_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_datastore
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_folder_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_folder_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_folder
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_host](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_host_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_host
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_host_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_host_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_host
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_network_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_network_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_network
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_compute_policies_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_compute_policies_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_compute_policies
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_console_tickets](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_console_tickets_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_console_tickets
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_customization](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_customization_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_customization
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_identity_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_identity_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_identity
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_localfilesystem_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_localfilesystem_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_localfilesystem
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_networking_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_networking_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_networking
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_networking_interfaces_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_networking_interfaces_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_networking_interfaces
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_networking_routes_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_networking_routes_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_networking_routes
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_power
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_power
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_action_upgrade](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_action_upgrade_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_action_upgrade
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_boot
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_boot
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_connect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_connect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_connect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_disconnect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_disconnect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_disconnect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_disk
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_disk
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_connect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_connect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_connect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_disconnect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_disconnect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_disconnect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_connect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_connect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_connect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_disconnect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_disconnect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_disconnect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_memory](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_memory_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_memory
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_memory_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_memory_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_memory
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_connect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_connect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_connect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_disconnect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_disconnect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_disconnect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_serial
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_connect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_connect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_connect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_disconnect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_disconnect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_disconnect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_serial
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_libraryitem_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_libraryitem_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_libraryitem
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_power](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_power_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_power
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_power_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_power_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_power
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_storage_policy
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_storage_policy
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_tools
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_tools
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_installer](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_installer_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_tools_installer
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_installer_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_installer_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_tools_installer

<!--end collection content-->

## Installation and Usage

### Installing the Collection from Ansible Galaxy

Before using the VMware community collection, you need to install the collection with the `ansible-galaxy` CLI:

    ansible-galaxy collection install community.vmware_rest

You can also include it in a `requirements.yml` file and install it via `ansible-galaxy collection install -r requirements.yml` using the format:

```yaml
collections:
- name: community.vmware_rest
```

## Testing and Development

If you want to develop new content for this collection or improve what is already here, the easiest way to work on the collection is to clone it into one of the configured [`COLLECTIONS_PATHS`](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/config.html#collections-paths), and work on it there.

- [Guidelines for VMware module development](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/platforms/vmware_guidelines.html)

### Testing with `ansible-test`


```
virtualenv -p python3.7 .virtualenv/py37
source .virtualenv/py37/bin/activate.fish
pip install -r requirements.txt -r test-requirements.txt
ansible-test network-integration --python 3.7 --inventory /tmp/inventory-vmware_rest vcenter_vm_scenario1
```

## Communication

We have a dedicated Working Group for VMware.
You can find other people interested in this in `#ansible-vmware` on Freenode IRC.
For more information about communities, meetings and agendas see https://github.com/ansible/community/wiki/VMware.

## License

GNU General Public License v3.0 or later

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) to see the full text.

Commit message:

README: explain that the module are autogenerated

README.md, after:

# Ansible Collection: community.vmware_rest

This repo hosts the `community.vmware_rest` Ansible Collection.

The collection includes the VMware modules and plugins supported by Ansible VMware community to help the management of VMware infrastructure. These modules are different from `community.vmware` since they are based upon VMware vSphere REST API interface and not relying on any third party libraries such as [`Pyvmomi`](https://github.com/vmware/pyvmomi) and [`vSphere Automation SDK for Python`](https://github.com/vmware/vsphere-automation-sdk-python).

<!--start requires_ansible-->
## Ansible version compatibility

This collection has been tested against following Ansible versions: **>=2.9.10**.

Plugins and modules within a collection may be tested with only specific Ansible versions.
A collection may contain metadata that identifies these versions.
PEP440 is the schema used to describe the versions of Ansible.
<!--end requires_ansible-->

## Content

<!--start collection content-->
### Httpapi plugins
Name | Description
--- | ---

### Modules
Name | Description
--- | ---
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_cluster_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_cluster_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_cluster
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datacenter](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datacenter_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_datacenter
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datacenter_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datacenter_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_datacenter
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datastore_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datastore_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_datastore
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_folder_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_folder_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_folder
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_host](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_host_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_host
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_host_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_host_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_host
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_network_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_network_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_network
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_compute_policies_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_compute_policies_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_compute_policies
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_console_tickets](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_console_tickets_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_console_tickets
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_customization](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_customization_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_customization
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_identity_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_identity_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_identity
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_localfilesystem_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_localfilesystem_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_localfilesystem
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_networking_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_networking_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_networking
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_networking_interfaces_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_networking_interfaces_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_networking_interfaces
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_networking_routes_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_networking_routes_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_networking_routes
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_power
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_guest_power
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_action_upgrade](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_action_upgrade_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_action_upgrade
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_boot
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_boot
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_connect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_connect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_connect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_disconnect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_disconnect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_disconnect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_disk
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_disk
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_connect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_connect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_connect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_disconnect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_disconnect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_disconnect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_connect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_connect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_connect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_disconnect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_disconnect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_disconnect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_memory](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_memory_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_memory
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_memory_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_memory_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_memory
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_connect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_connect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_connect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_disconnect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_disconnect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_disconnect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_serial
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_connect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_connect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_connect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_disconnect](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_disconnect_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_disconnect
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_hardware_serial
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_libraryitem_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_libraryitem_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_libraryitem
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_power](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_power_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_power
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_power_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_power_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_power
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_storage_policy
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_storage_policy_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_storage_policy
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_tools
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_tools
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_installer](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_installer_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_tools_installer
[vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_installer_info](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest.git/blob/main/docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_tools_installer_info_module.rst)|Handle resource of type vcenter_vm_tools_installer

<!--end collection content-->

## Installation and Usage

### Installing the Collection from Ansible Galaxy

Before using the VMware community collection, you need to install the collection with the `ansible-galaxy` CLI:

    ansible-galaxy collection install community.vmware_rest

You can also include it in a `requirements.yml` file and install it via `ansible-galaxy collection install -r requirements.yml` using the format:

```yaml
collections:
- name: community.vmware_rest
```

Please note this collection depends on Python 3.6 or greater.

## Testing and Development

Please, don't open Pull Request against the [vmware_rest](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest) repository.
We use a project called [vmware_rest_code_generate](https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest_code_generator) to generate these modules and your change would be lost.


### Testing with `ansible-test`


```
virtualenv -p python3.7 .virtualenv/py37  # Or any other version greater than 3.6
source .virtualenv/py37/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt -r test-requirements.txt
ansible-test network-integration --python 3.7 --inventory /tmp/inventory-vmware_rest vcenter_vm_scenario1
```

## Communication

We have a dedicated Working Group for VMware.
You can find other people interested in this in `#ansible-vmware` on Freenode IRC.
For more information about communities, meetings and agendas see https://github.com/ansible/community/wiki/VMware.

## License

GNU General Public License v3.0 or later

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) to see the full text.
