plugins/modules/vcenter_cluster_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_cluster_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_cluster_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_cluster_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_cluster_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_cluster_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_cluster_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_datacenter.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_datastore_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datastore_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datastore_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datastore_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datastore_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_datastore_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_datastore_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_folder_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_folder_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_folder_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_folder_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_folder_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_folder_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_folder_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_host.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_host.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_connect.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_connect.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_connect.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_connect.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_connect.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_connect.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_connect.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_disconnect.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_disconnect.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_disconnect.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_disconnect.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_disconnect.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_disconnect.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_host_disconnect.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_network_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_network_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_network_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_network_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_network_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_network_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_network_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_resourcepool.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_compliance_vm_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_compliance_vm_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_compliance_vm_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_compliance_vm_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_compliance_vm_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_compliance_vm_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_compliance_vm_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_entities_compliance_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_entities_compliance_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_entities_compliance_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_entities_compliance_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_entities_compliance_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_entities_compliance_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_entities_compliance_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_vm_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_vm_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_vm_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_vm_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_vm_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_vm_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_storage_policies_vm_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_identity_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_identity_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_identity_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_identity_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_identity_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_identity_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_identity_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_localfilesystem_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_localfilesystem_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_localfilesystem_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_localfilesystem_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_localfilesystem_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_localfilesystem_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_localfilesystem_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_interfaces_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_interfaces_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_interfaces_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_interfaces_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_interfaces_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_interfaces_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_interfaces_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_routes_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_routes_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_routes_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_routes_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_routes_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_routes_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_guest_networking_routes_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_sata.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cdrom.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_cpu.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_disk.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_memory.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_parallel.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_hardware_serial.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_libraryitem_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_libraryitem_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_libraryitem_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_libraryitem_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_libraryitem_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_libraryitem_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_libraryitem_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_power.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_storage_policy_compliance_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools_info.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools_info.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools_info.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools_info.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools.py validate-modules:missing-if-name-main
plugins/modules/vcenter_vm_tools.py validate-modules:missing-main-call
