docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_module.rst, before:

.. _vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_module:


***************************************************
vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi
***************************************************

**Updates the configuration of a virtual SCSI adapter.**


Version added: 1.0.0

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1


Synopsis
--------
- Updates the configuration of a virtual SCSI adapter.



Requirements
------------
The below requirements are needed on the host that executes this module.

- python >= 3.6
- aiohttp


Parameters
----------

.. raw:: html

    <table  border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Parameter</th>
            <th>Choices/<font color="blue">Defaults</font></th>
            <th width="100%">Comments</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>adapter</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual SCSI adapter identifier. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;absent&#x27;, &#x27;present&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>bus</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">integer</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>SCSI bus number.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>label</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The name of the item</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>pci_slot_number</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">integer</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Address of the SCSI adapter on the PCI bus.  If the PCI address is invalid, the server will change it when the VM is started or as the device is hot added.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>sharing</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>NONE</li>
                                    <li>PHYSICAL</li>
                                    <li>VIRTUAL</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The {@name Sharing} defines the valid bus sharing modes for a virtual SCSI adapter.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>state</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>absent</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>present</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>type</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>BUSLOGIC</li>
                                    <li>LSILOGIC</li>
                                    <li>LSILOGICSAS</li>
                                    <li>PVSCSI</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The {@name Type} defines the valid emulation types for a virtual SCSI adapter.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_HOST</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_PASSWORD</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_rest_log_file</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.</div>
                        <div>This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.</div>
                        <div>The file will be stored on the host that run the module.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of</div>
                        <div>environment variable <code>VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_username</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_USER</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_validate_certs</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>yes</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to <code>false</code> when certificates are not trusted.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vm</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual machine identifier. This parameter is mandatory.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/>




Examples
--------

.. code-block:: yaml

    - name: Collect information about a specific VM
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info:
        vm: '{{ search_result.value[0].vm }}'
      register: test_vm1_info
    - name: Create a SCSI adapter at PCI slot 35
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'
        pci_slot_number: 35
    - name: Drop the SCSI controller
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'
        pci_slot_number: 35
        state: absent



Return Values
-------------
Common return values are documented `here <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/common_return_values.html#common-return-values>`_, the following are the fields unique to this module:

.. raw:: html

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Key</th>
            <th>Returned</th>
            <th width="100%">Description</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>id</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>moid of the resource</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">1000</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>value</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>Create a SCSI adapter at PCI slot 35</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">{&#x27;label&#x27;: &#x27;SCSI controller 0&#x27;, &#x27;pci_slot_number&#x27;: 35, &#x27;scsi&#x27;: {&#x27;bus&#x27;: 0, &#x27;unit&#x27;: 7}, &#x27;sharing&#x27;: &#x27;NONE&#x27;, &#x27;type&#x27;: &#x27;PVSCSI&#x27;}</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/><br/>


Status
------


Authors
~~~~~~~

- Ansible Cloud Team (@ansible-collections)

Commit message:

bump auto-generated modules
The modules are autogenerated by:
https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest_code_generator
version: cad301b4a9292450d41bb6abdcd46f6ebae7ebe0

docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_module.rst, after:

.. _vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi_module:


***************************************************
vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi
***************************************************

**Adds a virtual SCSI adapter to the virtual machine.**


Version added: 1.0.0

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1


Synopsis
--------
- Adds a virtual SCSI adapter to the virtual machine.



Requirements
------------
The below requirements are needed on the host that executes this module.

- python >= 3.6
- aiohttp


Parameters
----------

.. raw:: html

    <table  border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Parameter</th>
            <th>Choices/<font color="blue">Defaults</font></th>
            <th width="100%">Comments</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>adapter</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual SCSI adapter identifier. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;absent&#x27;, &#x27;present&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>bus</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">integer</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>SCSI bus number.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>label</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The name of the item</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>pci_slot_number</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">integer</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Address of the SCSI adapter on the PCI bus.  If the PCI address is invalid, the server will change it when the VM is started or as the device is hot added.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>sharing</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>NONE</li>
                                    <li>PHYSICAL</li>
                                    <li>VIRTUAL</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The {@name Sharing} defines the valid bus sharing modes for a virtual SCSI adapter.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>state</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>absent</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>present</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>type</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>BUSLOGIC</li>
                                    <li>LSILOGIC</li>
                                    <li>LSILOGICSAS</li>
                                    <li>PVSCSI</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The {@name Type} defines the valid emulation types for a virtual SCSI adapter.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_HOST</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_PASSWORD</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_rest_log_file</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.</div>
                        <div>This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.</div>
                        <div>The file will be stored on the host that run the module.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of</div>
                        <div>environment variable <code>VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_username</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_USER</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_validate_certs</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>yes</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to <code>false</code> when certificates are not trusted.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vm</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual machine identifier. This parameter is mandatory.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/>




Examples
--------

.. code-block:: yaml

    - name: Look up the VM called test_vm1 in the inventory
      register: search_result
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info:
        filter_names:
        - test_vm1

    - name: Collect information about a specific VM
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info:
        vm: '{{ search_result.value[0].vm }}'
      register: test_vm1_info

    - name: Create a SCSI adapter at PCI slot 35
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'
        pci_slot_number: 35

    - name: Drop the SCSI controller
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_adapter_scsi:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'
        pci_slot_number: 35
        state: absent



Return Values
-------------
Common return values are documented `here <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/common_return_values.html#common-return-values>`_, the following are the fields unique to this module:

.. raw:: html

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Key</th>
            <th>Returned</th>
            <th width="100%">Description</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>id</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>moid of the resource</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">1000</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>value</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>Create a SCSI adapter at PCI slot 35</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">{&#x27;label&#x27;: &#x27;SCSI controller 0&#x27;, &#x27;pci_slot_number&#x27;: 35, &#x27;scsi&#x27;: {&#x27;bus&#x27;: 0, &#x27;unit&#x27;: 7}, &#x27;sharing&#x27;: &#x27;NONE&#x27;, &#x27;type&#x27;: &#x27;PVSCSI&#x27;}</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/><br/>


Status
------


Authors
~~~~~~~

- Ansible Cloud Team (@ansible-collections)
