docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_module.rst, before:

.. _vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_module:


*********************************************
vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy
*********************************************

**Manage the floppy of a VM**


Version added: 1.0.0

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1


Synopsis
--------
- Manage the floppy of a VM



Requirements
------------
The below requirements are needed on the host that executes this module.

- python >= 3.6
- aiohttp


Parameters
----------

.. raw:: html

    <table  border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Parameter</th>
            <th>Choices/<font color="blue">Defaults</font></th>
            <th width="100%">Comments</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>allow_guest_control</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li>yes</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Flag indicating whether the guest can connect and disconnect the device.</div>
                        <div>If unset, the value is unchanged.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>backing</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Physical resource backing for the virtual floppy drive.</div>
                        <div>If unset, defaults to automatic detection of a suitable host device.</div>
                        <div>Valide attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>host_device</code> (str): Name of the device that should be used as the virtual floppy drive backing.</div>
                        <div>If unset, the virtual floppy drive will be configured to automatically detect a suitable host device.</div>
                        <div>- <code>image_file</code> (str): Path of the image file that should be used as the virtual floppy drive backing.</div>
                        <div>This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of <em>type</em> is IMAGE_FILE.</div>
                        <div>- <code>type</code> (str): This option defines the valid backing types for a virtual floppy drive.</div>
                        <div>- Accepted values:</div>
                        <div>- IMAGE_FILE</div>
                        <div>- HOST_DEVICE</div>
                        <div>- CLIENT_DEVICE</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>floppy</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual floppy drive identifier.</div>
                        <div>The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by <span class='module'>vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy</span>. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;absent&#x27;, &#x27;connect&#x27;, &#x27;disconnect&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>label</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>start_connected</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li>yes</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Flag indicating whether the virtual device should be connected whenever the virtual machine is powered on.</div>
                        <div>If unset, the value is unchanged.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>state</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>absent</li>
                                    <li>connect</li>
                                    <li>disconnect</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>present</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_HOST</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_PASSWORD</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_rest_log_file</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.</div>
                        <div>This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.</div>
                        <div>The file will be stored on the host that run the module.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_username</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_USER</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_validate_certs</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>yes</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to <code>false</code> when certificates are not trusted.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vm</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual machine identifier.</div>
                        <div>The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by <span class='module'>vcenter_vm_info</span>.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/>




Examples
--------

.. code-block:: yaml+jinja

    - name: Add a floppy disk drive
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'
        allow_guest_control: true
      register: my_floppy_drive
    - name: Collect information about a specific VM
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info:
        vm: '{{ search_result.value[0].vm }}'
      register: test_vm1_info
    - name: Add a floppy disk drive
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'
        allow_guest_control: true
      register: my_floppy_drive
    - name: Remove a floppy drive
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'
        floppy: '{{ my_floppy_drive.id }}'
        state: absent



Return Values
-------------
Common return values are documented `here <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/common_return_values.html#common-return-values>`_, the following are the fields unique to this module:

.. raw:: html

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Key</th>
            <th>Returned</th>
            <th width="100%">Description</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>id</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>moid of the resource</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">8000</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>value</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>Add a floppy disk drive</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">{&#x27;allow_guest_control&#x27;: 1, &#x27;backing&#x27;: {&#x27;auto_detect&#x27;: 1, &#x27;host_device&#x27;: &#x27;&#x27;, &#x27;type&#x27;: &#x27;HOST_DEVICE&#x27;}, &#x27;label&#x27;: &#x27;Floppy drive 1&#x27;, &#x27;start_connected&#x27;: 0, &#x27;state&#x27;: &#x27;NOT_CONNECTED&#x27;}</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/><br/>


Status
------


Authors
~~~~~~~

- Goneri Le Bouder (@goneri) <goneri@lebouder.net>

Commit message:

bump auto-generated modules
The modules are autogenerated by:
https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest_code_generator
version: 790b0401d791617284559b690a46e0d650337f67

docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_module.rst, after:

.. _vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy_module:


*********************************************
vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy
*********************************************

**Manage the floppy of a VM**


Version added: 1.0.0

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1


Synopsis
--------
- Manage the floppy of a VM



Requirements
------------
The below requirements are needed on the host that executes this module.

- python >= 3.6
- aiohttp


Parameters
----------

.. raw:: html

    <table  border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Parameter</th>
            <th>Choices/<font color="blue">Defaults</font></th>
            <th width="100%">Comments</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>allow_guest_control</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li>yes</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Flag indicating whether the guest can connect and disconnect the device.</div>
                        <div>If unset, the value is unchanged.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>backing</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Physical resource backing for the virtual floppy drive.</div>
                        <div>If unset, defaults to automatic detection of a suitable host device.</div>
                        <div>Valide attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>host_device</code> (str): Name of the device that should be used as the virtual floppy drive backing.</div>
                        <div>If unset, the virtual floppy drive will be configured to automatically detect a suitable host device.</div>
                        <div>- <code>image_file</code> (str): Path of the image file that should be used as the virtual floppy drive backing.</div>
                        <div>This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of <em>type</em> is IMAGE_FILE.</div>
                        <div>- <code>type</code> (str): This option defines the valid backing types for a virtual floppy drive.</div>
                        <div>- Accepted values:</div>
                        <div>- IMAGE_FILE</div>
                        <div>- HOST_DEVICE</div>
                        <div>- CLIENT_DEVICE</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>floppy</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual floppy drive identifier.</div>
                        <div>The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by <span class='module'>vcenter_vm_hardware_floppy</span>. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;absent&#x27;, &#x27;connect&#x27;, &#x27;disconnect&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>label</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>start_connected</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li>yes</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Flag indicating whether the virtual device should be connected whenever the virtual machine is powered on.</div>
                        <div>If unset, the value is unchanged.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>state</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>absent</li>
                                    <li>connect</li>
                                    <li>disconnect</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>present</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_HOST</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_PASSWORD</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_rest_log_file</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.</div>
                        <div>This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.</div>
                        <div>The file will be stored on the host that run the module.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of</div>
                        <div>environment variable <code>VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_username</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_USER</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_validate_certs</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>yes</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to <code>false</code> when certificates are not trusted.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vm</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual machine identifier.</div>
                        <div>The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by <span class='module'>vcenter_vm_info</span>.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/>







Return Values
-------------
Common return values are documented `here <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/common_return_values.html#common-return-values>`_, the following are the fields unique to this module:

.. raw:: html

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Key</th>
            <th>Returned</th>
            <th width="100%">Description</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>id</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>moid of the resource</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">8000</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>value</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>Add a floppy disk drive</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">{&#x27;allow_guest_control&#x27;: 1, &#x27;backing&#x27;: {&#x27;auto_detect&#x27;: 1, &#x27;host_device&#x27;: &#x27;&#x27;, &#x27;type&#x27;: &#x27;HOST_DEVICE&#x27;}, &#x27;label&#x27;: &#x27;Floppy drive 1&#x27;, &#x27;start_connected&#x27;: 0, &#x27;state&#x27;: &#x27;NOT_CONNECTED&#x27;}</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/><br/>


Status
------


Authors
~~~~~~~

- Goneri Le Bouder (@goneri) <goneri@lebouder.net>
