docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_module.rst, before:

.. _vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_module:


*******************************************
vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk
*******************************************

**Updates the configuration of a virtual disk.  An update {@term operation} can be used to detach the existing VMDK file and attach another VMDK file to the virtual machine.**


Version added: 1.0.0

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1


Synopsis
--------
- Updates the configuration of a virtual disk.  An update {@term operation} can be used to detach the existing VMDK file and attach another VMDK file to the virtual machine.



Requirements
------------
The below requirements are needed on the host that executes this module.

- python >= 3.6
- aiohttp


Parameters
----------

.. raw:: html

    <table  border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Parameter</th>
            <th>Choices/<font color="blue">Defaults</font></th>
            <th width="100%">Comments</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>backing</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Existing physical resource backing for the virtual disk. Exactly one of {@name #backing} or {@name #newVmdk} must be specified. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;present&#x27;]</em></div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>type</code> (str): The {@name BackingType} defines the valid backing types for a virtual disk.</div>
                        <div>- Accepted values:</div>
                        <div>- VMDK_FILE</div>
                        <div>- <code>vmdk_file</code> (str): Path of the VMDK file backing the virtual disk.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>disk</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual disk identifier. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;absent&#x27;, &#x27;present&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>ide</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Address for attaching the device to a virtual IDE adapter.</div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>primary</code> (bool): Flag specifying whether the device should be attached to the primary or secondary IDE adapter of the virtual machine.</div>
                        <div>- <code>master</code> (bool): Flag specifying whether the device should be the master or slave device on the IDE adapter.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>label</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The name of the item</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>new_vmdk</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Specification for creating a new VMDK backing for the virtual disk.  Exactly one of {@name #backing} or {@name #newVmdk} must be specified.</div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>name</code> (str): Base name of the VMDK file.  The name should not include the &#x27;.vmdk&#x27; file extension.</div>
                        <div>- <code>capacity</code> (int): Capacity of the virtual disk backing in bytes.</div>
                        <div>- <code>storage_policy</code> (dict): The {@name StoragePolicySpec} {@term structure} contains information about the storage policy that is to be associated the with VMDK file.</div>
                        <div>- Accepted keys:</div>
                        <div>- policy (string): Identifier of the storage policy which should be associated with the VMDK file.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>sata</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Address for attaching the device to a virtual SATA adapter. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;present&#x27;]</em></div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>bus</code> (int): Bus number of the adapter to which the device should be attached.</div>
                        <div>- <code>unit</code> (int): Unit number of the device.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>scsi</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Address for attaching the device to a virtual SCSI adapter. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;present&#x27;]</em></div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>bus</code> (int): Bus number of the adapter to which the device should be attached.</div>
                        <div>- <code>unit</code> (int): Unit number of the device.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>state</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>absent</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>present</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>type</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>IDE</li>
                                    <li>SATA</li>
                                    <li>SCSI</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The {@name HostBusAdapterType} defines the valid types of host bus adapters that may be used for attaching a virtual storage device to a virtual machine.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_HOST</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_PASSWORD</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_rest_log_file</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.</div>
                        <div>This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.</div>
                        <div>The file will be stored on the host that run the module.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of</div>
                        <div>environment variable <code>VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_username</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_USER</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_validate_certs</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>yes</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to <code>false</code> when certificates are not trusted.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vm</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual machine identifier. This parameter is mandatory.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/>




Examples
--------

.. code-block:: yaml

    - name: Collect information about a specific VM
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info:
        vm: '{{ search_result.value[0].vm }}'
      register: test_vm1_info
    - name: Create a new disk
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'
        type: SATA
        new_vmdk:
          capacity: 320000
      register: my_new_disk
    - name: Delete the disk
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'
        disk: '{{ my_new_disk.id }}'
        state: absent



Return Values
-------------
Common return values are documented `here <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/common_return_values.html#common-return-values>`_, the following are the fields unique to this module:

.. raw:: html

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Key</th>
            <th>Returned</th>
            <th width="100%">Description</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>id</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>moid of the resource</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">16000</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>value</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>Create a new disk</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">{&#x27;backing&#x27;: {&#x27;type&#x27;: &#x27;VMDK_FILE&#x27;, &#x27;vmdk_file&#x27;: &#x27;[rw_datastore] test_vm1_1/test_vm1_1.vmdk&#x27;}, &#x27;capacity&#x27;: 320000, &#x27;label&#x27;: &#x27;Hard disk 2&#x27;, &#x27;sata&#x27;: {&#x27;bus&#x27;: 0, &#x27;unit&#x27;: 0}, &#x27;type&#x27;: &#x27;SATA&#x27;}</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/><br/>


Status
------


Authors
~~~~~~~

- Ansible Cloud Team (@ansible-collections)

Commit message:

bump auto-generated modules
The modules are autogenerated by:
https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest_code_generator
version: cad301b4a9292450d41bb6abdcd46f6ebae7ebe0

docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_module.rst, after:

.. _vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk_module:


*******************************************
vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk
*******************************************

**Adds a virtual disk to the virtual machine**


Version added: 1.0.0

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1


Synopsis
--------
- Adds a virtual disk to the virtual machine.  While adding the virtual disk, a new VMDK file may be created or an existing VMDK file may be used to back the virtual disk.



Requirements
------------
The below requirements are needed on the host that executes this module.

- python >= 3.6
- aiohttp


Parameters
----------

.. raw:: html

    <table  border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Parameter</th>
            <th>Choices/<font color="blue">Defaults</font></th>
            <th width="100%">Comments</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>backing</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Existing physical resource backing for the virtual disk. Exactly one of {@name #backing} or {@name #newVmdk} must be specified. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;present&#x27;]</em></div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>type</code> (str): The {@name BackingType} defines the valid backing types for a virtual disk.</div>
                        <div>- Accepted values:</div>
                        <div>- VMDK_FILE</div>
                        <div>- <code>vmdk_file</code> (str): Path of the VMDK file backing the virtual disk.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>disk</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual disk identifier. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;absent&#x27;, &#x27;present&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>ide</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Address for attaching the device to a virtual IDE adapter.</div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>primary</code> (bool): Flag specifying whether the device should be attached to the primary or secondary IDE adapter of the virtual machine.</div>
                        <div>- <code>master</code> (bool): Flag specifying whether the device should be the master or slave device on the IDE adapter.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>label</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The name of the item</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>new_vmdk</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Specification for creating a new VMDK backing for the virtual disk.  Exactly one of {@name #backing} or {@name #newVmdk} must be specified.</div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>name</code> (str): Base name of the VMDK file.  The name should not include the &#x27;.vmdk&#x27; file extension.</div>
                        <div>- <code>capacity</code> (int): Capacity of the virtual disk backing in bytes.</div>
                        <div>- <code>storage_policy</code> (dict): The {@name StoragePolicySpec} {@term structure} contains information about the storage policy that is to be associated the with VMDK file.</div>
                        <div>- Accepted keys:</div>
                        <div>- policy (string): Identifier of the storage policy which should be associated with the VMDK file.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>sata</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Address for attaching the device to a virtual SATA adapter. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;present&#x27;]</em></div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>bus</code> (int): Bus number of the adapter to which the device should be attached.</div>
                        <div>- <code>unit</code> (int): Unit number of the device.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>scsi</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Address for attaching the device to a virtual SCSI adapter. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;present&#x27;]</em></div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>bus</code> (int): Bus number of the adapter to which the device should be attached.</div>
                        <div>- <code>unit</code> (int): Unit number of the device.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>state</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>absent</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>present</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>type</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>IDE</li>
                                    <li>SATA</li>
                                    <li>SCSI</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The {@name HostBusAdapterType} defines the valid types of host bus adapters that may be used for attaching a virtual storage device to a virtual machine.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_HOST</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_PASSWORD</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_rest_log_file</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.</div>
                        <div>This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.</div>
                        <div>The file will be stored on the host that run the module.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of</div>
                        <div>environment variable <code>VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_username</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_USER</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_validate_certs</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>yes</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to <code>false</code> when certificates are not trusted.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vm</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual machine identifier. This parameter is mandatory.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/>




Examples
--------

.. code-block:: yaml

    - name: Look up the VM called test_vm1 in the inventory
      register: search_result
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info:
        filter_names:
        - test_vm1

    - name: Collect information about a specific VM
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info:
        vm: '{{ search_result.value[0].vm }}'
      register: test_vm1_info

    - name: Create a new disk
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'
        type: SATA
        new_vmdk:
          capacity: 320000
      register: my_new_disk

    - name: Delete the disk
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'
        disk: '{{ my_new_disk.id }}'
        state: absent



Return Values
-------------
Common return values are documented `here <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/common_return_values.html#common-return-values>`_, the following are the fields unique to this module:

.. raw:: html

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Key</th>
            <th>Returned</th>
            <th width="100%">Description</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>id</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>moid of the resource</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">16000</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>value</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>Create a new disk</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">{&#x27;backing&#x27;: {&#x27;type&#x27;: &#x27;VMDK_FILE&#x27;, &#x27;vmdk_file&#x27;: &#x27;[rw_datastore] test_vm1_1/test_vm1_1.vmdk&#x27;}, &#x27;capacity&#x27;: 320000, &#x27;label&#x27;: &#x27;Hard disk 2&#x27;, &#x27;sata&#x27;: {&#x27;bus&#x27;: 0, &#x27;unit&#x27;: 0}, &#x27;type&#x27;: &#x27;SATA&#x27;}</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/><br/>


Status
------


Authors
~~~~~~~

- Ansible Cloud Team (@ansible-collections)
