docs/vmware.vmware_rest.appliance_networking_module.rst, before:

.. _vmware.vmware_rest.appliance_networking_module:


***************************************
vmware.vmware_rest.appliance_networking
***************************************

**Enable or Disable ipv6 on all interfaces**


Version added: 1.0.0

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1


Synopsis
--------
- Enable or Disable ipv6 on all interfaces



Requirements
------------
The below requirements are needed on the host that executes this module.

- python >= 3.6
- aiohttp


Parameters
----------

.. raw:: html

    <table  border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Parameter</th>
            <th>Choices/<font color="blue">Defaults</font></th>
            <th width="100%">Comments</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>dns</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>DNS Configuration to set for the machine Required with <em>state=[&#x27;change&#x27;]</em></div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>mode</code> (str): {@name DNSServerMode} Describes DNS Server source (DHCP,static)</div>
                        <div>- Accepted values:</div>
                        <div>- dhcp</div>
                        <div>- is_static</div>
                        <div>- <code>servers</code> (list): List of the currently used DNS servers.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>New hostname to assign to the management network of vCenter appliance Required with <em>state=[&#x27;change&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>ipv4</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>IPv4 Configuration to set for the machine Required with <em>state=[&#x27;change&#x27;]</em></div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>mode</code> (str): The {@name Mode} defines different IPv4 address assignment modes.</div>
                        <div>- Accepted values:</div>
                        <div>- DHCP</div>
                        <div>- STATIC</div>
                        <div>- UNCONFIGURED</div>
                        <div>- <code>address</code> (str): The IPv4 address, for example, &quot;10.20.80.191&quot;.</div>
                        <div>- <code>prefix</code> (int): The IPv4 CIDR prefix, for example, 24.  See http://www.oav.net/mirrors/cidr.html for netmask-to-prefix conversion.</div>
                        <div>- <code>default_gateway</code> (str): The IPv4 address of the default gateway. This configures the global default gateway on the appliance with the specified gateway address and interface. This gateway replaces the existing default gateway configured on the appliance. However, if the gateway address is link-local, then it is added for that interface. This does not support configuration of multiple global default gateways through different interfaces.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>ipv6</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>IPv6 Configuration to set for the machine Required with <em>state=[&#x27;change&#x27;]</em></div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>dhcp</code> (bool): An address will be assigned by a DHCP server.</div>
                        <div>- <code>autoconf</code> (bool): An address will be assigned by Stateless Address Autoconfiguration (SLAAC).</div>
                        <div>- <code>addresses</code> (list): The list of addresses to be statically assigned.</div>
                        <div>- <code>default_gateway</code> (str): The default gateway for static IP address assignment. This configures the global IPv6 default gateway on the appliance with the specified gateway address and interface. This gateway replaces the existing default gateway configured on the appliance. However, if the gateway address is link-local, then it is added for that interface. This does not support configuration of multiple global default gateways through different interfaces.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>ipv6_enabled</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li>yes</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>IPv6 Enabled or not</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>SSO_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>vCenter Server SSO administrator Password Required with <em>state=[&#x27;change&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>SSO_user</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>vCenter Server SSO administrator username Required with <em>state=[&#x27;change&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>state</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>change</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>present</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                                    <li>reset</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_HOST</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_PASSWORD</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_rest_log_file</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.</div>
                        <div>This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.</div>
                        <div>The file will be stored on the host that run the module.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of</div>
                        <div>environment variable <code>VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_username</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_USER</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_validate_certs</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>yes</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to <code>false</code> when certificates are not trusted.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/>




Examples
--------

.. code-block:: yaml

    - name: Set network information
      vmware.vmware_rest.appliance_networking:
        ipv6_enabled: false
      register: result




Status
------


Authors
~~~~~~~

- Ansible Cloud Team (@ansible-collections)

Commit message:

bump auto-generated modules
The modules are autogenerated by:
https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest_code_generator
version: cad301b4a9292450d41bb6abdcd46f6ebae7ebe0

docs/vmware.vmware_rest.appliance_networking_module.rst, after:

.. _vmware.vmware_rest.appliance_networking_module:


***************************************
vmware.vmware_rest.appliance_networking
***************************************

**Reset and restarts network configuration on all interfaces, also this will renew the DHCP lease for DHCP IP address.**


Version added: 1.0.0

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1


Synopsis
--------
- Reset and restarts network configuration on all interfaces, also this will renew the DHCP lease for DHCP IP address.



Requirements
------------
The below requirements are needed on the host that executes this module.

- python >= 3.6
- aiohttp


Parameters
----------

.. raw:: html

    <table  border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Parameter</th>
            <th>Choices/<font color="blue">Defaults</font></th>
            <th width="100%">Comments</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>dns</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>DNS Configuration to set for the machine Required with <em>state=[&#x27;change&#x27;]</em></div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>mode</code> (str): {@name DNSServerMode} Describes DNS Server source (DHCP,static)</div>
                        <div>- Accepted values:</div>
                        <div>- dhcp</div>
                        <div>- is_static</div>
                        <div>- <code>servers</code> (list): List of the currently used DNS servers.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>New hostname to assign to the management network of vCenter appliance Required with <em>state=[&#x27;change&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>ipv4</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>IPv4 Configuration to set for the machine Required with <em>state=[&#x27;change&#x27;]</em></div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>mode</code> (str): The {@name Mode} defines different IPv4 address assignment modes.</div>
                        <div>- Accepted values:</div>
                        <div>- DHCP</div>
                        <div>- STATIC</div>
                        <div>- UNCONFIGURED</div>
                        <div>- <code>address</code> (str): The IPv4 address, for example, &quot;10.20.80.191&quot;.</div>
                        <div>- <code>prefix</code> (int): The IPv4 CIDR prefix, for example, 24.  See http://www.oav.net/mirrors/cidr.html for netmask-to-prefix conversion.</div>
                        <div>- <code>default_gateway</code> (str): The IPv4 address of the default gateway. This configures the global default gateway on the appliance with the specified gateway address and interface. This gateway replaces the existing default gateway configured on the appliance. However, if the gateway address is link-local, then it is added for that interface. This does not support configuration of multiple global default gateways through different interfaces.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>ipv6</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">dictionary</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>IPv6 Configuration to set for the machine Required with <em>state=[&#x27;change&#x27;]</em></div>
                        <div>Valid attributes are:</div>
                        <div>- <code>dhcp</code> (bool): An address will be assigned by a DHCP server.</div>
                        <div>- <code>autoconf</code> (bool): An address will be assigned by Stateless Address Autoconfiguration (SLAAC).</div>
                        <div>- <code>addresses</code> (list): The list of addresses to be statically assigned.</div>
                        <div>- <code>default_gateway</code> (str): The default gateway for static IP address assignment. This configures the global IPv6 default gateway on the appliance with the specified gateway address and interface. This gateway replaces the existing default gateway configured on the appliance. However, if the gateway address is link-local, then it is added for that interface. This does not support configuration of multiple global default gateways through different interfaces.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>ipv6_enabled</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li>yes</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>IPv6 Enabled or not</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>SSO_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>vCenter Server SSO administrator Password Required with <em>state=[&#x27;change&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>SSO_user</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>vCenter Server SSO administrator username Required with <em>state=[&#x27;change&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>state</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>change</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>present</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                                    <li>reset</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_HOST</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_PASSWORD</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_rest_log_file</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.</div>
                        <div>This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.</div>
                        <div>The file will be stored on the host that run the module.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of</div>
                        <div>environment variable <code>VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_username</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_USER</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_validate_certs</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>yes</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to <code>false</code> when certificates are not trusted.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/>








Status
------


Authors
~~~~~~~

- Ansible Cloud Team (@ansible-collections)
