docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info_module.rst, before:

.. _vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info_module:


*******************************************************
vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info
*******************************************************

**Returns an ordered list of boot devices for the virtual machine. If the {@term list} is empty, the virtual machine uses a default boot sequence.**


Version added: 1.0.0

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1


Synopsis
--------
- Returns an ordered list of boot devices for the virtual machine. If the {@term list} is empty, the virtual machine uses a default boot sequence.



Requirements
------------
The below requirements are needed on the host that executes this module.

- python >= 3.6
- aiohttp


Parameters
----------

.. raw:: html

    <table  border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Parameter</th>
            <th>Choices/<font color="blue">Defaults</font></th>
            <th width="100%">Comments</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_HOST</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_PASSWORD</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_rest_log_file</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.</div>
                        <div>This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.</div>
                        <div>The file will be stored on the host that run the module.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of</div>
                        <div>environment variable <code>VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_username</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_USER</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_validate_certs</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>yes</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to <code>false</code> when certificates are not trusted.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vm</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual machine identifier. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;get&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/>




Examples
--------

.. code-block:: yaml

    - name: Collect information about a specific VM
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info:
        vm: '{{ search_result.value[0].vm }}'
      register: test_vm1_info
    - name: Get boot device info
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'
    - name: Get information about the boot device
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'



Return Values
-------------
Common return values are documented `here <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/common_return_values.html#common-return-values>`_, the following are the fields unique to this module:

.. raw:: html

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Key</th>
            <th>Returned</th>
            <th width="100%">Description</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>value</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">list</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>Get information about the boot device</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">[{&#x27;type&#x27;: &#x27;CDROM&#x27;}]</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/><br/>


Status
------


Authors
~~~~~~~

- Ansible Cloud Team (@ansible-collections)

Commit message:

bump auto-generated modules
The modules are autogenerated by:
https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest_code_generator
version: cad301b4a9292450d41bb6abdcd46f6ebae7ebe0

docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info_module.rst, after:

.. _vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info_module:


*******************************************************
vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info
*******************************************************

**Returns an ordered list of boot devices for the virtual machine**


Version added: 1.0.0

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1


Synopsis
--------
- Returns an ordered list of boot devices for the virtual machine. If the {@term list} is empty, the virtual machine uses a default boot sequence.



Requirements
------------
The below requirements are needed on the host that executes this module.

- python >= 3.6
- aiohttp


Parameters
----------

.. raw:: html

    <table  border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Parameter</th>
            <th>Choices/<font color="blue">Defaults</font></th>
            <th width="100%">Comments</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_HOST</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_PASSWORD</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_rest_log_file</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.</div>
                        <div>This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.</div>
                        <div>The file will be stored on the host that run the module.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of</div>
                        <div>environment variable <code>VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_username</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_USER</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_validate_certs</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>yes</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to <code>false</code> when certificates are not trusted.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vm</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Virtual machine identifier. Required with <em>state=[&#x27;get&#x27;]</em></div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/>




Examples
--------

.. code-block:: yaml

    - name: Look up the VM called test_vm1 in the inventory
      register: search_result
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info:
        filter_names:
        - test_vm1

    - name: Collect information about a specific VM
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info:
        vm: '{{ search_result.value[0].vm }}'
      register: test_vm1_info

    - name: Get boot device info
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'

    - name: Get information about the boot device
      vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_boot_device_info:
        vm: '{{ test_vm1_info.id }}'



Return Values
-------------
Common return values are documented `here <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/common_return_values.html#common-return-values>`_, the following are the fields unique to this module:

.. raw:: html

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Key</th>
            <th>Returned</th>
            <th width="100%">Description</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="return-"></div>
                    <b>value</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#return-" title="Permalink to this return value"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                      <span style="color: purple">list</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>On success</td>
                <td>
                            <div>Get information about the boot device</div>
                    <br/>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller"><b>Sample:</b></div>
                        <div style="font-size: smaller; color: blue; word-wrap: break-word; word-break: break-all;">[{&#x27;type&#x27;: &#x27;CDROM&#x27;}]</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/><br/>


Status
------


Authors
~~~~~~~

- Ansible Cloud Team (@ansible-collections)
