docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power_module.rst, before:

.. _vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power_module:


*****************************************
vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power
*****************************************

**Issues a request to the guest operating system asking it to perform a reboot**


Version added: 0.1.0

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1


Synopsis
--------
- Issues a request to the guest operating system asking it to perform a reboot. This request returns immediately and does not wait for the guest operating system to complete the operation.



Requirements
------------
The below requirements are needed on the host that executes this module.

- vSphere 7.0.2 or greater
- python >= 3.6
- aiohttp


Parameters
----------

.. raw:: html

    <table  border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Parameter</th>
            <th>Choices/<font color="blue">Defaults</font></th>
            <th width="100%">Comments</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>session_timeout</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">float</span>
                    </div>
                    <div style="font-style: italic; font-size: small; color: darkgreen">added in 2.1.0</div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Timeout settings for client session.</div>
                        <div>The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.</div>
                        <div>The default value is 300s.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>state</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>reboot</li>
                                    <li>shutdown</li>
                                    <li>standby</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_HOST</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter password</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_PASSWORD</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_rest_log_file</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.</div>
                        <div>This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.</div>
                        <div>The file will be stored on the host that run the module.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of</div>
                        <div>environment variable <code>VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_username</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_USER</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_validate_certs</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>yes</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to <code>false</code> when certificates are not trusted.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vm</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Identifier of the virtual machine. This parameter is mandatory.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/>








Status
------


Authors
~~~~~~~

- Ansible Cloud Team (@ansible-collections)

Commit message:

bump auto-generated modules (#247)
bump auto-generated modules

The modules are autogenerated by:
https://github.com/ansible-collections/vmware_rest_code_generator
sha2 6b3e4b66ff8ba7ca49d568b9453b1fc2381324db

Reviewed-by: None <None>

docs/vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power_module.rst, after:

.. _vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power_module:


*****************************************
vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_guest_power
*****************************************

**Issues a request to the guest operating system asking it to perform a soft shutdown, standby (suspend) or soft reboot**


Version added: 0.1.0

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1


Synopsis
--------
- Issues a request to the guest operating system asking it to perform a soft shutdown, standby (suspend) or soft reboot. This request returns immediately and does not wait for the guest operating.



Requirements
------------
The below requirements are needed on the host that executes this module.

- vSphere 7.0.2 or greater
- python >= 3.6
- aiohttp


Parameters
----------

.. raw:: html

    <table  border=0 cellpadding=0 class="documentation-table">
        <tr>
            <th colspan="1">Parameter</th>
            <th>Choices/<font color="blue">Defaults</font></th>
            <th width="100%">Comments</th>
        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>session_timeout</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">float</span>
                    </div>
                    <div style="font-style: italic; font-size: small; color: darkgreen">added in 2.1.0</div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Timeout settings for client session.</div>
                        <div>The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.</div>
                        <div>The default value is 300s.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>state</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>reboot</li>
                                    <li>shutdown</li>
                                    <li>standby</li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_hostname</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_HOST</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_password</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter password</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_PASSWORD</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_rest_log_file</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.</div>
                        <div>This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.</div>
                        <div>The file will be stored on the host that run the module.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of</div>
                        <div>environment variable <code>VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_username</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>The vSphere vCenter username</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_USER</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vcenter_validate_certs</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">boolean</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <ul style="margin: 0; padding: 0"><b>Choices:</b>
                                    <li>no</li>
                                    <li><div style="color: blue"><b>yes</b>&nbsp;&larr;</div></li>
                        </ul>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to <code>false</code> when certificates are not trusted.</div>
                        <div>If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable <code>VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS</code> will be used instead.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td colspan="1">
                    <div class="ansibleOptionAnchor" id="parameter-"></div>
                    <b>vm</b>
                    <a class="ansibleOptionLink" href="#parameter-" title="Permalink to this option"></a>
                    <div style="font-size: small">
                        <span style="color: purple">string</span>
                         / <span style="color: red">required</span>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td>
                </td>
                <td>
                        <div>Identifier of the virtual machine. This parameter is mandatory.</div>
                </td>
            </tr>
    </table>
    <br/>


Notes
-----

.. note::
   - Tested on vSphere 7.0.2


See Also
--------

.. seealso::

   :ref:`vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_power_module`
       A module to boot, hard shutdown and hard reset guest






Status
------


Authors
~~~~~~~

- Ansible Cloud Team (@ansible-collections)
